Most e-mail programs let you
create and save the contact
information of the people you
communicate with.
This makes it easy to not only
send emails to them without
having to look U their
information each time, but you
can also save other imortant
information about your contacts
that can easily be looked U or
referenced at anytime.
A contact can be as basic as a
name and e-mail address or
include information like a
street address, multile phone
numbers, a photo, or any other
relevant notes.
Here in Microsoft Outlook you
can add contacts in a couple of
different ways.
If you received an e-mail
message from someone and you
want to add them to your
contacts, right click on their
e-mail address and choose Add to
Outlook Contacts.
In the window that opens, you'll
see any details that Outlook was
able to pull from the e-mail
already filled in here, so we
have the full name and e-mail
address.
If you have any other info, you
can fill in other fields, like
the company this person works
for, their title, a web page
associated with them, hone
numbers and if you have a photo
of them, you can add it by
clicking this icon here.
You can also use this notes area
for any other info you may want
to remember, for example their
birthday or the name of their
spouse.
When you're done, click Save and
close and the next time you want
to send an e-mail to this
contact, just click New e-mail,
start typing their name and
you'll be able to select them
from Outlook suggestions.
I'll just close this for now.
Now you can also add contacts
from scratch.
For example, if someone gives
you their business card and you
want to file their contact info
in Outlook, just click the
People icon here at the bottom
of the window and this is where
you'll find your existing
contacts.
Click the New Contact button
here at the top and from here
enter any relevant information.
Oi can type in Jess's name, her
job title, her e-mail address.
If I have a photo of her, I can
click the photo and there's her
headshot, so I'll select that
and I can even add some notes.
And again, when I'm done, I can
click Save and close and the
next time I need to send an
e-mail to Jess I can just click
new e-mail, start typing her
name, there she is and the 2
field is now filled out.
O That's how to add contacts to
Microsoft Outlook.